1320990089
AddCommentsToPunches	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103134453_add_comments_to_punches.rb	class AddCommentsToPunches 
AddEmailUniquenessIndex	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103032849_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	class AddEmailUniquenessIndex 
AddPasswordToUsers	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103060230_add_password_to_users.rb	class AddPasswordToUsers 
AddPullToPunches	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103112337_add_pull_to_punches.rb	class AddPullToPunches 
AddSaltToUsers	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103061439_add_salt_to_users.rb	class AddSaltToUsers 
AddStatusToUsers	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103085555_add_status_to_users.rb	class AddStatusToUsers 
Application	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreatePunches	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103100258_create_punches.rb	class CreatePunches 
CreateUsers	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103024253_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
PagesController	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesHelper	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
Punch	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/models/punch.rb	class Punch 
RTime	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/config/application.rb	module RTime
STATUSES	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/models/user.rb	  STATUSES =
SessionsController	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
User	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103024253_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103060230_add_password_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103061439_add_salt_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103085555_add_status_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103100258_create_punches.rb	  def change
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103112337_add_pull_to_punches.rb	  def change
change	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103134453_add_comments_to_punches.rb	  def change
comment	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :comment
create	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def current_user
destroy	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103032849_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def down
flash_helper	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def flash_helper
home	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def home
new	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
up	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/db/migrate/20111103032849_add_email_uniqueness_index.rb	  def up
update	/home/endial/rails_projects/eClock/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
